## Agenda TA meeting week 9

This is the agenda for our weekly TA meeting.

---

Date: 14-06-2021\
Main focus: Report talk and advice\
Chair: Ciurba Alex\
Note taker: Melle Schoenmaker, Toma Zamfirescu

# Opening

Luca Becheanu\
Alex Ciurba\
Alexandru Lungu\
Melle Schoenmaker\
Toma Zamfirescu\
Alves Marinov


# Approval of the agenda
Everyone has provided all questions they had.


# Points of action

- Talk about feedback for the report.


# Action points for this week

- Technical Writing
- Testing with TAs and Client 
- Finish up exports
- User summary
- Group interventions
- Notifications 
- Buddycheck and finish up GitInspector details


# Any other business
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized.*


# Questions for the TA


# Question round
- Is there any feedback on the report?
    - Yes, it's all included in the feedback sent on mattermost.
- Maybe advice on wrapping stuff up?
    - Focus on the report, for some sections speculate on some things that the application will be like.
      Do polishing after the report deadline as there are even some days after the presentation.
- Is buddycheck a standard form across all courses?
    - I don't think it is as they change it from edition to edition to address nuances from a previous year.

# Closing

Next week's meeting will be on the same day at the same time, 21-06-2021 at 14:30.
