## Agenda TA meeting week 4

This is the agenda for our weekly TA meeting.

---

Date:           10-05-2021\
Main focus:     Showing progress\
Chair:          Alex Ciurba\
Note taker:     Melle Schoenmaker, Toma Zamfirescu


# Opening

Luca Becheanu\
Alex Ciurba\
Alexandru Lungu\
Melle Schoenmaker\
Toma Zamfirescu\
Alves Marinov

# Approval of the agenda
Everyone has provided all questions they had.

# Points of action

- Show progress in importing/exporting.
- Show progress in creating/updating/deleting and filling in rubrics.

# Action points for this week

- Adding groups and users to rubrics.
- Refining a rubric view for teachers to see all crud operations.
- Write tests for rubric controller functions.
- Implement SSO into the application.

# Any other business
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized.*

# Questions for the TA

- We can supply data to our views using laravel's methods. But if we want to have a dynamic view that changes based on user input, is the best practice JavaScript?
    - N/A.
    
- Rework naming in repo to be more clear, for agendas use weeks.
- Use consistency for filetypes, md and pdf should probably not be mixed.
- Merge to master before the end of the week or at the start.
- For boards, add a bit of a description to some issues and subdivide the issues into sub-issues.
- Set a date for our midterm presentation, send out emails to the TA and client to find a time that works for everyone. Preferably in week 5. Thursday 20th of May, afternoon could work for TA.
- Add agendas to the repository for our previous meetings with TA.
- Questions we can ask are: organisational, about requirements and course related questions.

# Question round
*If there are any spontaneous questions.*

# Closing
*For any final remarks*

Next week's meeting will be on the same day at the same time, monday 17-05-2021 at 14:30.
